README.md, before:

```markdown
## 🛠️ Technology Stack

<p align="center">
  <!-- CI/CD & DevOps -->
  <img src="assets/logos/jenkins.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Jenkins"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/docker.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Docker"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/kubernetes.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Kubernetes"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/github.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="GitHub"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/ansible.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Ansible"/>
  <br/>
  
  <!-- Build & Runtime -->
  <img src="assets/logos/maven.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Maven"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/java.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Java"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/terraform.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Terraform"/>
  <br/>
  
  <!-- Cloud & Infrastructure -->
  <img src="assets/logos/aws.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="AWS"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/ubuntu.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Ubuntu"/>
  <br/>
  
  <!-- Monitoring -->
  <img src="assets/logos/prometheus.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Prometheus"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/grafana.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Grafana"/>
</p>

**Tool Categories:**
- **CI/CD:** Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, GitHub, Ansible
- **Build:** Maven, Java, Terraform  
- **Cloud:** AWS, Ubuntu
- **Monitoring:** Prometheus, Grafana

---

# 🚀 Production-Grade CI/CD Pipeline for Retail Application

<p align="center">
  <strong>Student of Purdue_B36 - Industry Grade Project</strong><br>
  <em>Building enterprise-level DevOps infrastructure with modern tooling and best practices</em>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Production_Ready-brightgreen?style=flat-square" alt="Status" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue?style=flat-square" alt="License" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0-blue?style=flat-square" alt="Version" />
</p>

---

## 📊 Pipeline Architecture

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Developer Push] --> B[Git Repository]
    B --> C[Jenkins CI/CD]
    C --> D[Automated Testing]
    D --> E[Docker Build]
    E --> F[Container Registry]
    F --> G[Kubernetes Deployment]
    G --> H[Production Environment]
    
    I[Monitoring & Logging] --> C
    J[Security Scanning] --> D
    K[Infrastructure as Code] --> G
    
    style A fill:#4CAF50,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff
    style C fill:#2196F3,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff
    style G fill:#FF9800,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff
    style H fill:#4CAF50,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff
```

## 🎯 Project Overview

This project demonstrates **production-ready DevOps practices** by implementing a complete CI/CD pipeline for a retail application. Built as part of Purdue University's Industry Grade Project, it showcases end-to-end automation from code commit to production deployment.

### Key Achievements
- ✅ **Zero-downtime deployments** with Kubernetes rolling updates
- ✅ **Automated security scanning** integrated into pipeline
- ✅ **Multi-environment strategy** (Dev → Staging → Production)
- ✅ **Infrastructure as Code** with Terraform
- ✅ **99.9% uptime** with monitoring and alerting

---

## 🏗️ Technical Architecture

### Core Components Stack

| Component | Technology | Purpose |
|-----------|------------|---------|
| **CI/CD Engine** | Jenkins | Pipeline orchestration and automation |
| **Containerization** | Docker | Application packaging and isolation |
| **Orchestration** | Kubernetes | Container management and scaling |
| **Registry** | Docker Hub | Container image storage |
| **Cloud Platform** | AWS/GCP | Infrastructure hosting |
| **Monitoring** | Prometheus + Grafana | Performance metrics and alerting |

### Pipeline Flow Diagram

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Dev as Developer
    participant Git as GitHub
    participant Jenkins as Jenkins CI
    participant Docker as Docker Build
    participant Test as Testing Suite
    participant K8s as Kubernetes
    participant Prod as Production

    Dev->>Git: Push code changes
    Git->>Jenkins: Webhook trigger
    Jenkins->>Test: Run unit tests
    Test->>Jenkins: Test results
    alt Tests Pass
        Jenkins->>Docker: Build container image
        Docker->>Jenkins: Image built
        Jenkins->>K8s: Deploy to staging
        K8s->>Jenkins: Staging deployment complete
        Jenkins->>Test: Run integration tests
        Test->>Jenkins: Integration tests pass
        Jenkins->>K8s: Deploy to production
        K8s->>Prod: Rolling update complete
    else Tests Fail
        Jenkins->>Dev: Notify failure
    end
```

---

## 🛠️ What You Need to Run This Pipeline

### Prerequisites

**Jenkins Server Configuration:**
- Jenkins 2.400+ with essential plugins:
  - Docker Pipeline Plugin
  - Kubernetes CLI Plugin
  - Blue Ocean (for pipeline visualization)
  - GitHub Integration
  - Credentials Binding Plugin

**Kubernetes Cluster:**
- Any Kubernetes distribution (Minikube for local, EKS/GKE for cloud)
- kubectl configured with cluster access
- Minimum 2 nodes for high availability

**Container Registry:**
- Docker Hub account with repository access
- Alternatively: AWS ECR, Google GCR, or Azure ACR

**Development Environment:**
- Docker Desktop
- Git CLI
- Text editor/IDE
- Basic understanding of YAML and shell scripting

---

## 🔧 Pipeline Implementation Details

### Stage 1: Source Code Management
```yaml
# Jenkinsfile excerpt
stage('Checkout') {
    steps {
        git branch: 'main',
            url: 'https://github.com/jacekwolnickikrk/FinalDevOpsProject.git'
        script {
            env.GIT_COMMIT = sh(returnStdout: true, script: 'git rev-parse HEAD').trim()
        }
    }
}
```

### Stage 2: Automated Testing Strategy
- **Unit Tests**: Jest/Mocha for JavaScript applications
- **Integration Tests**: API endpoint validation
- **Security Scanning**: Trivy for container vulnerabilities
- **Code Quality**: SonarQube integration

### Stage 3: Container Build & Push
```dockerfile
# Multi-stage Dockerfile for optimization
FROM node:18-alpine AS builder
WORKDIR /app
COPY package*.json ./
RUN npm ci --only=production

FROM node:18-alpine
WORKDIR /app
COPY --from=builder /app/node_modules ./node_modules
COPY . .
EXPOSE 3000
CMD ["npm", "start"]
```

### Stage 4: Kubernetes Deployment
```yaml
# deployment.yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: retail-app
spec:
  replicas: 3
  strategy:
    type: RollingUpdate
    rollingUpdate:
      maxUnavailable: 1
      maxSurge: 1
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: retail-app
        image: docker.io/yourusername/retail-app:${BUILD_NUMBER}
        ports:
        - containerPort: 3000
```

---

## 📈 Performance Metrics & KPIs

### Pipeline Efficiency Metrics

| Metric | Target | Current Achievement |
|--------|--------|-------------------|
| **Build Time** | < 5 minutes | 3.2 minutes |
| **Deployment Frequency** | Daily | 5x per week |
| **Lead Time** | < 1 hour | 45 minutes |
| **Change Failure Rate** | < 5% | 2.1% |
| **MTTR** | < 30 minutes | 18 minutes |

### Monitoring Dashboard
- **Real-time pipeline status**
- **Application performance metrics**
- **Infrastructure health monitoring**
- **Security vulnerability tracking**

---

## 🔒 Security Implementation

### DevSecOps Practices Integrated
- **Container Image Scanning**: Automated vulnerability assessment
- **Secret Management**: HashiCorp Vault integration
- **RBAC**: Role-based access control in Kubernetes
- **Network Policies**: Micro-segmentation for workload isolation
- **Audit Logging**: Complete activity tracking

### Security Pipeline Integration
```mermaid
graph LR
    A[Code Commit] --> B[SAST Scan]
    B --> C[Dependency Check]
    C --> D[Container Scan]
    D --> E[IaC Scan]
    E --> F[Deploy Decision]
    F -->|Pass| G[Proceed]
    F -->|Fail| H[Block Deployment]
    
    style A fill:#FF5722,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff
    style G fill:#4CAF50,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff
    style H fill:#F44336,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff
```

---

## 🌟 Why This Project Matters for Your Organization

### Business Value Delivered
- **50% reduction** in deployment time
- **80% fewer** production incidents
- **3x faster** feature delivery
- **$50K annual savings** in operational costs
- **99.9% application availability**

### Technical Excellence Demonstrated
- ✅ **Cloud-native architecture** with Kubernetes
- ✅ **Infrastructure as Code** for reproducibility
- ✅ **GitOps workflow** for deployment automation
- ✅ **Observability** with comprehensive monitoring
- ✅ **Disaster recovery** with automated backups

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Quick Start Guide

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/jacekwolnickikrk/FinalDevOpsProject.git
   cd FinalDevOpsProject
   ```

2. **Set up Jenkins**
   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d jenkins
   # Access Jenkins at http://localhost:8080
   ```

3. **Configure Kubernetes**
   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f k8s/namespace.yaml
   kubectl apply -f k8s/deployment.yaml
   ```

4. **Run your first pipeline**
   - Commit code changes
   - Watch automated pipeline execution
   - Monitor deployment in real-time

### Environment Variables Required
```bash
# Jenkins Configuration
JENKINS_URL=http://your-jenkins-server:8080
DOCKER_REGISTRY=your-dockerhub-username
KUBECONFIG=path-to-your-kubeconfig

# Application Configuration
DATABASE_URL=your-database-connection
REDIS_URL=your-redis-connection
JWT_SECRET=your-jwt-secret
```

---

## 📚 Documentation & Learning Resources

### Architecture Decision Records (ADRs)
- [ADR-001: Jenkins vs GitLab CI Choice](docs/adr-001-jenkins-selection.md)
- [ADR-002: Kubernetes over Docker Swarm](docs/adr-002-orchestration-choice.md)
- [ADR-003: Monitoring Stack Selection](docs/adr-003-monitoring-stack.md)

### Additional Resources
- [Pipeline Troubleshooting Guide](docs/troubleshooting.md)
- [Security Best Practices](docs/security-guidelines.md)
- [Performance Optimization Tips](docs/performance-tuning.md)
- [Disaster Recovery Procedures](docs/disaster-recovery.md)

---

## 🤝 Contributing & Next Steps

### Project Roadmap
- [ ] **Multi-cloud deployment** support (AWS, GCP, Azure)
- [ ] **Advanced monitoring** with ML-based anomaly detection
- [ ] **GitOps workflow** with ArgoCD implementation
- [ ] **Service mesh** integration with Istio
- [ ] **Advanced security** with Falco runtime protection

### How to Contribute
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Implement your changes
4. Add tests and documentation
5. Submit a pull request

---

## 📞 Connect & Collaborate

**Jacek Wolnicki**  
*DevOps Engineer | Customer Support Engineer*

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacek-wolnicki/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Follow-black?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/jacekwolnickikrk)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Contact-red?style=flat-square&logo=gmail)](mailto:jacekwolnicki@gmail.com)

### Project Statistics
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jacekwolnickikrk/FinalDevOpsProject?style=flat-square)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/jacekwolnickikrk/FinalDevOpsProject?style=flat-square)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jacekwolnickikrk/FinalDevOpsProject?style=flat-square)

---

## 🏆 Recognition & Certifications

This project demonstrates competencies aligned with:
- **AWS Certified DevOps Engineer**
- **Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA)**
- **Docker Certified Associate**
- **Jenkins Engineer Certification**

Commit message:

Revise README with updated tech stack and pipeline details
Updated the Technology Stack section and added a CI/CD Pipeline Architecture overview.

README.md, after:

```markdown
## 🛠️ Technology Stack

<p align="center">
  <!-- CI/CD & DevOps -->
  <img src="assets/logos/jenkins.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Jenkins"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/docker.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Docker"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/kubernetes.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Kubernetes"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/github.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="GitHub"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/ansible.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Ansible"/>
  <br/>
  
  <!-- Build & Runtime -->
  <img src="assets/logos/maven.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Maven"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/java.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Java"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/terraform.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Terraform"/>
  <br/>
  
  <!-- Cloud & Infrastructure -->
  <img src="assets/logos/aws.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="AWS"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/ubuntu.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Ubuntu"/>
  <br/>
  
  <!-- Monitoring -->
  <img src="assets/logos/prometheus.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Prometheus"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="assets/logos/grafana.svg" width="60" height="60" alt="Grafana"/>
</p>

**Tool Categories:**
- **CI/CD:** Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, GitHub, Ansible
- **Build:** Maven, Java, Terraform  
- **Cloud:** AWS, Ubuntu
- **Monitoring:** Prometheus, Grafana

---

# 🚀 Production-Grade CI/CD Pipeline for Retail Application

<p align="center">
  <strong>Student of Purdue_B36 - Industry Grade Project</strong><br>
  <em>Building enterprise-level DevOps infrastructure with modern tooling and best practices</em>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Production_Ready-brightgreen?style=flat-square" alt="Status" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue?style=flat-square" alt="License" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.0-blue?style=flat-square" alt="Version" />
</p>

---

## 📊 CI/CD Pipeline Architecture

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/images/cicd-pipeline.png" alt="CI/CD Pipeline Architecture" width="900"/>
</p>

### Pipeline Overview

The pipeline implements a complete **DevOps automation workflow** with the following stages:

1. **Source Control (GitHub)** - Developers commit code to Git repositories
2. **CI Server (Jenkins)** - Automated build triggers on code commits
3. **Build Tool (Maven)** - Compiles Java applications and manages dependencies
4. **Configuration Management (Ansible)** - Manages deployment configurations and orchestrates releases
5. **Container Registry (Docker Hub)** - Stores and versions container images
6. **Orchestration (Kubernetes)** - Deploys and manages containerized applications
7. **Monitoring Stack (Prometheus + Grafana)** - Real-time metrics and visualization

### Key Pipeline Features
- ✅ **Automated builds** triggered by Git commits
- ✅ **Containerized deployments** for consistency across environments
- ✅ **Zero-downtime releases** with Kubernetes rolling updates
- ✅ **Continuous monitoring** with Prometheus and Grafana
- ✅ **Infrastructure as Code** with Ansible playbooks

---

## 🎯 Project Overview

This project demonstrates **production-ready DevOps practices** by implementing a complete CI/CD pipeline for a retail application. Built as part of Purdue University's Industry Grade Project, it showcases end-to-end automation from code commit to production deployment.

### Key Achievements
- ✅ **Zero-downtime deployments** with Kubernetes rolling updates
- ✅ **Automated security scanning** integrated into pipeline
- ✅ **Multi-environment strategy** (Dev → Staging → Production)
- ✅ **Infrastructure as Code** with Terraform
- ✅ **99.9% uptime** with monitoring and alerting

---

## 🏗️ Technical Architecture

### Core Components Stack

| Component | Technology | Purpose |
|-----------|------------|---------|
| **CI/CD Engine** | Jenkins | Pipeline orchestration and automation |
| **Containerization** | Docker | Application packaging and isolation |
| **Orchestration** | Kubernetes | Container management and scaling |
| **Registry** | Docker Hub | Container image storage |
| **Cloud Platform** | AWS/GCP | Infrastructure hosting |
| **Monitoring** | Prometheus + Grafana | Performance metrics and alerting |

### Pipeline Flow Diagram

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Dev as Developer
    participant Git as GitHub
    participant Jenkins as Jenkins CI
    participant Docker as Docker Build
    participant Test as Testing Suite
    participant K8s as Kubernetes
    participant Prod as Production

    Dev->>Git: Push code changes
    Git->>Jenkins: Webhook trigger
    Jenkins->>Test: Run unit tests
    Test->>Jenkins: Test results
    alt Tests Pass
        Jenkins->>Docker: Build container image
        Docker->>Jenkins: Image built
        Jenkins->>K8s: Deploy to staging
        K8s->>Jenkins: Staging deployment complete
        Jenkins->>Test: Run integration tests
        Test->>Jenkins: Integration tests pass
        Jenkins->>K8s: Deploy to production
        K8s->>Prod: Rolling update complete
    else Tests Fail
        Jenkins->>Dev: Notify failure
    end
```

---

## 🛠️ What You Need to Run This Pipeline

### Prerequisites

**Jenkins Server Configuration:**
- Jenkins 2.400+ with essential plugins:
  - Docker Pipeline Plugin
  - Kubernetes CLI Plugin
  - Blue Ocean (for pipeline visualization)
  - GitHub Integration
  - Credentials Binding Plugin

**Kubernetes Cluster:**
- Any Kubernetes distribution (Minikube for local, EKS/GKE for cloud)
- kubectl configured with cluster access
- Minimum 2 nodes for high availability

**Container Registry:**
- Docker Hub account with repository access
- Alternatively: AWS ECR, Google GCR, or Azure ACR

**Development Environment:**
- Docker Desktop
- Git CLI
- Text editor/IDE
- Basic understanding of YAML and shell scripting

---

## 🔧 Pipeline Implementation Details

### Stage 1: Source Code Management
```yaml
# Jenkinsfile excerpt
stage('Checkout') {
    steps {
        git branch: 'main',
            url: 'https://github.com/jacekwolnickikrk/FinalDevOpsProject.git'
        script {
            env.GIT_COMMIT = sh(returnStdout: true, script: 'git rev-parse HEAD').trim()
        }
    }
}
```

### Stage 2: Automated Testing Strategy
- **Unit Tests**: Jest/Mocha for JavaScript applications
- **Integration Tests**: API endpoint validation
- **Security Scanning**: Trivy for container vulnerabilities
- **Code Quality**: SonarQube integration

### Stage 3: Container Build & Push
```dockerfile
# Multi-stage Dockerfile for optimization
FROM node:18-alpine AS builder
WORKDIR /app
COPY package*.json ./
RUN npm ci --only=production

FROM node:18-alpine
WORKDIR /app
COPY --from=builder /app/node_modules ./node_modules
COPY . .
EXPOSE 3000
CMD ["npm", "start"]
```

### Stage 4: Kubernetes Deployment
```yaml
# deployment.yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: retail-app
spec:
  replicas: 3
  strategy:
    type: RollingUpdate
    rollingUpdate:
      maxUnavailable: 1
      maxSurge: 1
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: retail-app
        image: docker.io/yourusername/retail-app:${BUILD_NUMBER}
        ports:
        - containerPort: 3000
```

---

## 📈 Performance Metrics & KPIs

### Pipeline Efficiency Metrics

| Metric | Target | Current Achievement |
|--------|--------|-------------------|
| **Build Time** | < 5 minutes | 3.2 minutes |
| **Deployment Frequency** | Daily | 5x per week |
| **Lead Time** | < 1 hour | 45 minutes |
| **Change Failure Rate** | < 5% | 2.1% |
| **MTTR** | < 30 minutes | 18 minutes |

### Monitoring Dashboard
- **Real-time pipeline status**
- **Application performance metrics**
- **Infrastructure health monitoring**
- **Security vulnerability tracking**

---

## 🔒 Security Implementation

### DevSecOps Practices Integrated
- **Container Image Scanning**: Automated vulnerability assessment
- **Secret Management**: HashiCorp Vault integration
- **RBAC**: Role-based access control in Kubernetes
- **Network Policies**: Micro-segmentation for workload isolation
- **Audit Logging**: Complete activity tracking

### Security Pipeline Integration
```mermaid
graph LR
    A[Code Commit] --> B[SAST Scan]
    B --> C[Dependency Check]
    C --> D[Container Scan]
    D --> E[IaC Scan]
    E --> F[Deploy Decision]
    F -->|Pass| G[Proceed]
    F -->|Fail| H[Block Deployment]
    
    style A fill:#FF5722,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff
    style G fill:#4CAF50,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff
    style H fill:#F44336,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff
```

---

## 🌟 Why This Project Matters for Your Organization

### Business Value Delivered
- **50% reduction** in deployment time
- **80% fewer** production incidents
- **3x faster** feature delivery
- **$50K annual savings** in operational costs
- **99.9% application availability**

### Technical Excellence Demonstrated
- ✅ **Cloud-native architecture** with Kubernetes
- ✅ **Infrastructure as Code** for reproducibility
- ✅ **GitOps workflow** for deployment automation
- ✅ **Observability** with comprehensive monitoring
- ✅ **Disaster recovery** with automated backups

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Quick Start Guide

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/jacekwolnickikrk/FinalDevOpsProject.git
   cd FinalDevOpsProject
   ```

2. **Set up Jenkins**
   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d jenkins
   # Access Jenkins at http://localhost:8080
   ```

3. **Configure Kubernetes**
   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f k8s/namespace.yaml
   kubectl apply -f k8s/deployment.yaml
   ```

4. **Run your first pipeline**
   - Commit code changes
   - Watch automated pipeline execution
   - Monitor deployment in real-time

### Environment Variables Required
```bash
# Jenkins Configuration
JENKINS_URL=http://your-jenkins-server:8080
DOCKER_REGISTRY=your-dockerhub-username
KUBECONFIG=path-to-your-kubeconfig

# Application Configuration
DATABASE_URL=your-database-connection
REDIS_URL=your-redis-connection
JWT_SECRET=your-jwt-secret
```

---

## 📚 Documentation & Learning Resources

### Architecture Decision Records (ADRs)
- [ADR-001: Jenkins vs GitLab CI Choice](docs/adr-001-jenkins-selection.md)
- [ADR-002: Kubernetes over Docker Swarm](docs/adr-002-orchestration-choice.md)
- [ADR-003: Monitoring Stack Selection](docs/adr-003-monitoring-stack.md)

### Additional Resources
- [Pipeline Troubleshooting Guide](docs/troubleshooting.md)
- [Security Best Practices](docs/security-guidelines.md)
- [Performance Optimization Tips](docs/performance-tuning.md)
- [Disaster Recovery Procedures](docs/disaster-recovery.md)

---

## 🤝 Contributing & Next Steps

### Project Roadmap
- [ ] **Multi-cloud deployment** support (AWS, GCP, Azure)
- [ ] **Advanced monitoring** with ML-based anomaly detection
- [ ] **GitOps workflow** with ArgoCD implementation
- [ ] **Service mesh** integration with Istio
- [ ] **Advanced security** with Falco runtime protection

### How to Contribute
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Implement your changes
4. Add tests and documentation
5. Submit a pull request

---

## 📞 Connect & Collaborate

**Jacek Wolnicki**  
*DevOps Engineer | Customer Support Engineer*

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacek-wolnicki/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Follow-black?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/jacekwolnickikrk)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Contact-red?style=flat-square&logo=gmail)](mailto:jacekwolnicki@gmail.com)

### Project Statistics
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jacekwolnickikrk/FinalDevOpsProject?style=flat-square)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/jacekwolnickikrk/FinalDevOpsProject?style=flat-square)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jacekwolnickikrk/FinalDevOpsProject?style=flat-square)

---

## 🏆 Recognition & Certifications

This project demonstrates competencies aligned with:
- **AWS Certified DevOps Engineer**
- **Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA)**
- **Docker Certified Associate**
- **Jenkins Engineer Certification**
```
